what's happening YouTube hold Chevy 4x4
doing a little grilling with you kinda
nice and warm someday even got some pork
chops going on a bit of Dale's marinade
oh yeah so the free eventful weekend I
guess you could say I figured I'd take
y'all along show you from going on bring
a little scrap Friday and stripped a
couple of machines yesterday think
they're on the outside mostly check it
out guys knowing a little scrap but to
get back there I'm gonna start up the
hill Jimmy here they're gonna start in
about two months and since I want a haul
scrap it probably won't start you guys
know how that goes don't whites son of a
bitch however did I guess simple task so
it's trying to do a whole freakin
process or I'm very swear
oh this sagging a little bit maybe it'll
be worth driving over there floor I
don't know not a whole lot I'd say the
mower decks rear-end the block mower
frame couple miscellaneous pieces of
crap and the dryer let's see that did a
lot better now is anticipating hate to
tell you a little foal but your day has
come guys today where we scrapping out
of Murray or stripping out of Murray
anyways you got that little MTD last
fall I'll be using that from mowing this
year and that's what we're left with
fair frame and hood everything else is
accounted for and going to be used in
future stuff I'm just selling a strip
and roll around here guys some of you
may remember this trailer from a few
years back I brought this and a few
others home but I got it running I drove
it around a little bit but it's been
sitting ever since so I'm gonna do
exactly what I did with that last one
pull the usable stuff off toss the rest
big heavy Murray garden tractors what it
is and it was actually pretty cool it's
got four flat tires the back end was
dragging a little bit and it gave the
big 24 cubic inch Briggs the opportunity
to park a little bit
no can see that or not I guess you can
Gorillaz 820 it's always something good
to find oh boys it's thundering off in
the distance and it is Sunday evening
this it's time to wrap it up and call it
a day
real quick before I go figure out the
freaking mess sorry if I'm making
anybody sick here transaxles they got
engines I got parts again Oh kinds of
crap in here all kinds of cleaning to do
this week maybe have to work or
something for those but before I leave
today I do want to give something away
cuz I'm just a nice guy like that I've
been digging around cleaning stuff up
around her you know and I came across
this I figured I've got absolutely no
practical use for it
I know if no use in the foreseeable
future so why not give it away to one of
my good friends here on the tube what
you guys are looking at is a two and one
carburetor spacer it's a no for your
four-barrel carburetors get the little
adapter kits and all that crap insulates
the carburetor rises it up so he's is it
up something brain doing a page
fuck that sucker probably twelve years
ago with the intent of putting it on my
ass 10 I think and it was my venture I
don't even remember what I bought it for
at this point but I've got nothing with
a carburetor I'm not gonna have anything
with a four-barrel on it in the
foreseeable future that I can see coming
so that said give it away
if anybody wants it please feel free to
comment right down here below and just
do me a favor be subscriber I'd
appreciate that you know that it's it
guys it's one head for you I will
probably do a video say maybe next
Monday not tomorrow up at the following
Monday do a little drawing if more than
one person wanted however it works out
we'll see that's it guys there's always
to appreciate you watching the videos
and checking out the channel on all that
good stuff please stay safe stop back
thanks for watching